{\rtf1\ansi\ansicpg1252\cocoartf1343\cocoasubrtf140
{\fonttbl\f0\fswiss\fcharset0 Helvetica;}
{\colortbl;\red255\green255\blue255;\red16\green19\blue26;\red255\green255\blue255;}
\margl1440\margr1440\vieww10800\viewh8400\viewkind0
\pard\tx566\tx1133\tx1700\tx2267\tx2834\tx3401\tx3968\tx4535\tx5102\tx5669\tx6236\tx6803\pardirnatural

\f0\fs24 \cf0 \
\pard\pardeftab720\sl358

\fs28 \cf2 \cb3 \expnd0\expndtw0\kerning0
\outl0\strokewidth0 \strokec2 Temporal Corporeal: Pop-up Tattoo Parlour \
Thursday, Feb 19. 4pm-12am\
First come, first serve. One time only tattoos available\
\
Time makes fools of us all. The immutable progression of a universe so vast joyously donates a physical form for with which we experience it. Our straight line deterred, skewed and realigned by edification and strife. The corporeal form, a venue of solidified perception for the temporary show. One's progression marred by choices and glorified by time.\
\
Temporal Corporeal is about moments, not spontaneity. The alignment of our existence and the readiness to grasp it. Temp Corp features one of a kind, immutable 'flash' tattoo artworks ready for purchase and adornment in a one night tattoo pop-up show from local artists who are reverently dedicated to their craft. \cb1 \expnd0\expndtw0\kerning0
\outl0\strokewidth0 \
\
\cb3 \expnd0\expndtw0\kerning0
\outl0\strokewidth0 Daniel Giantomaso (@stargods)\cb1 \expnd0\expndtw0\kerning0
\outl0\strokewidth0 \
\cb3 \expnd0\expndtw0\kerning0
\outl0\strokewidth0 Joel Rich (@joelisrich)\cb1 \expnd0\expndtw0\kerning0
\outl0\strokewidth0 \
\cb3 \expnd0\expndtw0\kerning0
\outl0\strokewidth0 Olivia Harrison (@fearbear)\cb1 \expnd0\expndtw0\kerning0
\outl0\strokewidth0 \
\cb3 \expnd0\expndtw0\kerning0
\outl0\strokewidth0 Katie So (@katiekatieso)\cb1 \expnd0\expndtw0\kerning0
\outl0\strokewidth0 \
\
\cb3 \expnd0\expndtw0\kerning0
\outl0\strokewidth0 60-150$\cb1 \expnd0\expndtw0\kerning0
\outl0\strokewidth0 \
\
\cb3 \expnd0\expndtw0\kerning0
\outl0\strokewidth0 These artworks are not to be considered 'cheap'. If they are perceived as a value it is simply because Astro Turf Gallery and the Vancouver Arts & Leisure Centre is dedicated to providing an unrivalled caliber of venue for artists to share, present, inform and perform what they love to do. Also, they don't have to pay rent for a tattoo parlour.\cb1 \expnd0\expndtw0\kerning0
\outl0\strokewidth0 \
\
\cb3 \expnd0\expndtw0\kerning0
\outl0\strokewidth0 Karaoke Hosted by the incorrigible Lindsay Bourne\cb1 \expnd0\expndtw0\kerning0
\outl0\strokewidth0 \
\
\cb3 \expnd0\expndtw0\kerning0
\outl0\strokewidth0 Accoutrements courtesy the Vancouver Art & Leisure Centre and Astro Turf Gallery}